Added documentation for proof of payment address control (#1990)
hyperledger/indy-sdk: docs/design/007-cli-payments/README.md

[fees_inputs=<source-1>,..,<source-n>] [fees_outputs=(<recipient-0>,<amount>),..,(<recipient-n>,<amount>)] [extra=<extra>]
```

Note that "source-n" is identifier presented in "Source" column of ```ledger get-sources``` command output

### Sign with a payment address

> Many cryptocurrencies provide mechanisms to prove control for a given payment address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many cryptocurrencies provide mechanisms to prove control of a given payment address.
```

> This command signs inputs using the private key that corresponds to the specified payment address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command signs messages using the private key that corresponds to the specified payment address.
```

```indy-cli
indy> payment-address sign address=<payment-address> input=<input>
```

> "address" is the payment address generated from using create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"address" is the payment address the signer is proving control of.
```

> "input is the data to be signed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"input" is the message to be signed.
```

> "input is the message to be signed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"input" is the message to be signed.
```

The output is a hex encoded signature that can be passed to verify

### Verify signature from a payment address

> Verify a proof of payment address control by verifying a signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verifies a proof of payment address control by verifying a signature.
```

```indy-cli
indy> payment-address verify address=<payment-address> input=<input> signature=<signature>
```

> "address" is the payment address generated from using create. This should be the same address used to create "signature"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"address" is the payment address the signer is proving control of. This should be the same address used to create the "signature"
```

> "input is the data to be signed. This must be the same data used to create "signature" otherwise verify will return false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"input" is the message that was signed. This must be the same message used to create the "signature" otherwise verify will return false.
```

> "input is the message that was signed. This must be the same message used to create the "signature" otherwise verify will return false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"input" is the message that was signed. This must be the same message used to create the "signature" otherwise verify will return false.
```
